STL is Standard Template Library.
It is a powerful set of c++ template classes.
All the core of the c++ standard template library are following three well structured components
        1. Containers
        2. Algorithm
        3. Iterators

    1. Containers: It is used to manage collection of objects of a certain kind.
    Container library in STL provide container that are used to create data structure likes array,
    LinkedList, Tree etc..
    Container library is a collection of classes.
    The containers are implemented as generic class templates.
    Container can be used to hold different kind of objects.
    These container are generic, they can hold elements of any data type.
    examlpe: Vector; Vector can be use for creating dynamic array of char, int, float and other.

    Common Containers
                    vector: Replicates Arrays
                    queue: Replicates Queue
                    stack: Replicates stack
                    priority_queue: Replicates heaps
                    list:Replicates LinkedList
                    set:Replicates trees
                    map: Associative arrays
    
    Classification of Containers
                * Sequence Containers: Array, LinkedList, etc..
                * Associative Containers: Sorted Data structures like map, set, etc..
                * Unordered Associative Containers: Unsorted Data structures
                * Containers Adapters: Interface to sequence containers.



    2. Algorithm: Algorithms act on containers. They provide the means by which you will perform
    initialization, sorting, searching, and transforming of the contents of containers.
    Algorithms library contains built in functions that performs complex algorithm on the data
    structures.

    3. Iterators are used to step through the elements of collections of objects.These 
    collections may be containers or subset of containers.
    Iterators in STL are used to point to the containers
    Iterators actually acts as a bridge between containers and algorithm. 
    
    Container me rakha hua he data, or action perform hoga algorithm ki madad se to algorithm ko
    containers ka data access karne k liye iterator ki zarurat hogi. ye internally pointer ka 
    concept he


    In simple word store karne ka kaam container k pass he or action perfoprm karne ka kaam
    algorithm k pass he or algorithm data access karegi iterator ki help se.

    Example: When we use list containers to implement linked list we just have to include the list
    header file and use list constructor to initialize the list

    #include<iostream>
    #include<list>
    int main(){
        list<int>mylist;   //Template class ka object aise banta he.
    }